... who does, who gains or loses and by how much?
If Working for Families abatement settings change, what does that mean for families
with children? What's the likely fiscal cost to the crown?
And what does that mean for income-based child poverty mea-
measures? So TAWA applies tax and welfare ru-
rules to real-world household data that is pro- projected into the near
future
to show the direct financial impacts of policy and economic
conditions. Uh, very briefly, TAWA's input data
is based on Stats New Zealand's Household Economic Survey, but we
combine that with additional administrative data inside the Integrated Data
Infrastructure, or IDI, which I believe you, you may be aware of.
Uh, that data set gives, uh, detailed information then on household
income, family structure, housing cost, and employment at a very
detailed household level. Uh, we then operate that data
based on, um, a range of forecasts that
reflect likely future conditions.
So we're considering wage growth, benefit indexation, housing cost
changes, and population changes.
And this then allows us to estimate how household incomes, child poverty
measures, and fiscal costs will, may evolve under
current policy or under proposed policy or hypothetical
policy changes. So with respect to child
poverty, uh, eh, TAWA plays a central role in
income-based child poverty analysis.
It's used to support budget advice, assess whether proposed policy
changes are likely to move the legislated income poverty
measures, show which groups of children are most affected by different
policies, and produce those forward projections of income poverty
levels for the child poverty report, which is required under the Child Poverty
Reduction Act.
Um, it's important to be clear that TAWA focuses on income poverty.
It can't directly measure material hardship because that depends on much
broader non-income factors like access to essentials and
services. Um, I can refer to Budget
25 for some examples of, of how TAWA modeling is used to support
advice. So for example, TAWA was used to model options for
combined changes to Best Start working for families in accommodation
supplement. And that provided analysis that indicated the number of
families that would gain or lose from a potential package, the average gain or
loss, and the income level of those who would gain or lose.
Um, and TAWA also was used to indicate the expected change to income
poverty for that package, and then that, or the, uh, hypothetical
packages. And then, uh, these results are used by ministers, uh,
during the budget process then to compare options, consider trade-offs,
and make decisions. Um, and then as, as required by legislation,
TAWA also produced the, uh, income poverty projections for the
child poverty report in Budget 25.
So that's with respect to child poverty.
Uh, but as I said, TAWA is used more generally, and this modeling
approach actually has a really long history at Treasury.
Uh, it's existed in different forms for over 30 years.
I can't actually find out how long, but it's a very long time.
(laughs) And, and has been steadily improved as data quality, technology,
and policy needs have evolved. Um, it's a core piece of Treasury's
modeling infrastructure and has been consistently invested in by
Treasury, uh, as part of its stewardship goals.
So this means that Treasury supports the priorities of the government of the day,
but also underpins the longer-term analysis that Treasury and other agencies
rely on. Uh, other uses of TAWA include,
just for example, Treasury's recent stewardship document, the Long-Term Fiscal
Statement. Although that's primaril- primarily informed by
Treasury's long-term macro fiscal models, um, it was sup-
also supported by TAWA's distributional modeling of retirement income
policy. Um, and related to that, we, we also use
TAWA to, um, write a policy quarterly
article, which be- has been published externally, uh, demonstrating
how, oh, sorry, uh, on retirement income, so really detailed
information on retirement income policy.
Um,
but like any model, TAWA's got clear limits.
Uh, it covers a large proportion of tax and transfer policies, but it can't cover
absolutely everything.
Hmm.
Um, it doesn't model behavioral change.
So by that, I mean if we expect a tax and transfer change
to impact on the amount of hours someone works, TAWA can't
incorporate that. Um, it relies on survey data, the same
as the official statistics. Um, and it needs simplifying
assumptions because it is a model.
Um, it also measures imput- income impacts rather than wider
wellbeing outcomes. There's also practical situations
where it's harder to es- use TAWA. For example, when we're considering small
population groups, TAWA might not cover those groups.
Or when a payment or a population group is not fully covered by the survey
itself, we can't model it. Um, when we're considering a completely
new policy, it's much harder to, to estimate.
Um, or when policies rely heavily on those behavioral changes.
Um, these issues don't stop us from doing the analysis, but they do increase the
uncertainty and really emphasize the need for expert users of
TAWA.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, some policies as well, although they're targeted on low-income
people, they have no impact on incomes and therefore can't be modeled by
TAWA. For one example there, you've got a, a change to a subsidy like
early childcare education. That doesn't directly change a family's
income. It changes their expenditure, so that wouldn't be covered by the TAWA
model. In contrast, though, an increase to the in-work tax
credit does impact a family's income, so it can be modeled by
TAWA. Um, and then
f- finally, uh, access. So TAWA operates inside the
IDI, um, and therefore it's accessed through Stats New Zealand data
labs. The data is de-identified and access is tightly
controlled by Stats through approvals, training, and vetting.
But to support collaboration, Treasury has set up a shared collab- collaborative
project in the IDI so authorized analysts in other agencies can run the
model.This has allowed for example, um, Ministry of Housing and
Urban Development and the Retirement Commission to use it when developing their own
advice. Um, some modelers in MSD also have access, but I want to be
really clear that it does take time to become an expert user of the
model. Um, alongside this collaborative IDI
project, Treasury has also been developing a version of the model that can be used
outside of the IDI, called TAWA-Lite.
Uh, this uses synthetic data which mirrors real households, but doesn't
contain real information. And the idea behind TAWA-Lite is although it's
not going to be as complete or as accurate as TAWA, it allows people
outside secure environments to explore how the tax int- transfer system
affects incomes and therefore income poverty.
Um, so quickly summarizing, TAWA is Treasury's main tool
for analyzing distributional and fiscal impacts of tax and welfare
policy. It plays a central role in income-based child poverty
analysis. Uh, it supports budget decisions, targeting and
fiscal trade-offs. Um, it's a very useful tool, but also has clear
and well-understood limits. So, um, very happy to
answer any questions or clarify any of the technical
details.
Great. Well, thank you very much for that.
Um, it's re- been, yeah, really interesting. Our first question, Pao.
What are your, uh, I may, if, if you'll allow me to, I'll just fire some quick fire
ones because we've got, um, a short amount of time.
But hey, you mentioned the use of it for the budget.
Have you used TAWA to give advice on pieces of legislation
or do you know if it's being used, um, to provide advice on, on
specific piece of legislation?
Uh, yes, it's generally used if it's,
Yeah.
... we're commissioned to provide advice on s- specific things, yeah.
I think one of the things that could be useful, um, is perhaps through this hearing
is if we could request, um, sort of like in the say
x number of last legislations, TAWA's being used to provide a model, like to have
that as a sort of case studies just so that we can see sort of
that... I'm sure that exists, but it just c-
Yeah.
Yeah. Having it
So you're talking about legislative changes that affect the tax and social policy
system-
Yeah.
... in the way that it might feed into, for example-
Yes.
... a red- green tax statement or something like that-
That's right.
... as well. We can have a look over the last week-
Thank you so much.
... what software's been used, yeah.
Um, and do you know how many experts MSD has that are able to
use TAWA?
Uh,
I believe it's three.
Okay.
Uh, three of their modelers. Uh, we work very closely with the MSD modelers.
Different modeling teams interact a lot. Yeah.
And when, um, I know you mentioned it's hard to use, but, um, how
time-consuming is it to, for example, get from defining a
change to then get the modeling done?
Like how long does that normally take you and how, how n- yeah.
Uh, it really depends on the policy that you want to model.
If it's an expert user from, from my team, and it's a relatively
simple change, it might take a week of, of our time.
If it's a very complicated thing that changes eligibility-
... it could take months. It could be not possible because we don't have the data.
Yeah.
If you're not an expert user, to even be able to
confidently do basic things, it's probably gonna take six months.
And just, um, so you mentioned you have the ability to measure child material
hardship, obviously. Um, do you have the ability to measure also material hardship
more broadly?
No.
Is that a meas- okay. And finally, um, when you say small populations that you're
not able to meas- measure, how small are we talking?
Uh, so for example, there's the, the requirement of Stats New Zealand that we
can't report on population groups that are, uh, less than 3,000.
Oh, okay. That's a lot smaller.
Um, yeah, so, uh, there's that, but also the smaller the population group,
the less reliable the data that we have-
Okay.
... because it's a sample of the population, not the whole population.
Thank you.
So there's larger error bands around it. Yeah.
Uh, next question, Lauren.
Um, thank you. Um, very fascinating, um, part of the system that
you look at. Um, we have had a presentation in the past about the IDI
from States.
And, um, of course those systems are only as good as the data
that goes in, the information that goes in.
So in your use of it, of TAWA, do you
see where any improvements can be made in terms of the data
that's collected? Um, and the reason I'm asking that is because when we talk to
stats, one of the most difficult areas to gather data on was
from the health sector.
Mm-hmm.
Um, and so, you know, have you noticed anywhere in the
system where it could be improved or the data could be
better?
Yeah, I, I mean, we, we are data and modeling people, so we would always, always
like more data is what (laughs) I would say.
Um, the, the data that TAWA is based on, uh, a
lot of it is coming from Inland Revenue.
So that is really accurate detailed data based on individuals.
Uh, what is a little bit more difficult is when you go from, uh, individual
records to households. So when you move to a household, which is
obviously very important when you're thinking about living standards,
um, it, it is more difficult to get some concept
of who to link together. And that's where we use the survey from-
Oh.
... from HESS. Uh,
I would say that we, uh, generally have all of the data that,
that we need for the policies that we're currently modeling.
Sometimes new policies come along and we have to then go and source more data.
Um, our... I, I do think you could add more data to the IDI.
I think our, uh, requests for sort of improvements
to the IDI would be more around access to different modeling tools and
technologies within the IDI than data.
But that's just from our position as people who have
access to the data that we need because it exists, yeah.
Can I add something? Um, and also do-
where does AI fit in what you're doing or does it fea-
feature at all?
Well, you, you definitely would not be able to use any AI tools in the
IDI. Um,
we don't generally, uh, uh, we are experimenting carefully
within Treasury with AI to see if we can, um,
just automate some of our processes or, or become more
productive. But that's all at a very experimental safe end, not...
And this, this work does not use AI. Yeah.
Okay. Thank
Can I catch up on that? Why not?
... uh, this work. Uh, we don't need to use AI at this
point for this. I think, uh, in the future, if I can-
Yeah. ... talk about-
That
sounds cool. ... what might happen in the future, uh, I could see AI being used as
a, uh, to improve the accessibility to-
Yep.
... some of our modeling and data, and that's definitely some of the things that
we've experimented with, is how do we, uh, make some of
this, this tool open to people who aren't-
They don't know how to use it. ... modelers?
Yeah.
Um, and the more detailed sort of machine learning,
AI side of things, if we were able to use that in a, uh,
some sort of infrastructure like the IDI in a safe way, I could
see, uh, that being very useful to identify patterns and, of-
(clears throat)
... life courses and things like that, but that is, uh, but beyond the level
of what we're at right now.
Like-
Yeah.
I g- I, I guess, uh, a supplementary on that is, um, I imagine you'll be looking at
how you can, um, isolate that
data.
Yeah.
So the a- so the AI could work on it without-
So-
... the potential of any, any, um, cross-feedback-
(clears throat) Yeah,
no- ... or r- or reverse-feedback (laughs) to the-
Yep. ... to the data streams. That's probably a key challenge I would imagine.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I, I think that, that is, um, absolutely up to,
uh, stats to, that, that is their wheelhouse, and they will be- be the people who
do that carefully-
Yeah.
... and responsibly.
We, we can only request, you know.
And one other supplementary on that is just, um, in terms of that accessibility
piece, um, if there's sort, uh, three experts at
MSD, um, is there, is there some genuine scope
there to make it more accessible, the, the, the data, so it
can be available to more users?
Um, yeah,
Uh, across, ac- across a var- a variety of different, um, um, yeah, organizations?
Yep. Uh, so, um, I, I think, um, it's been two years now since we started
up the, uh, collaborative IDI project, and we worked closely with Stats
on that to make sure they were comfortable.
The idea is to improve accessibility to TAWA and any data
related to it. You still need to be an IDI researcher at this stage,
so you need to be, you know, a, a expert in that area.
Um, I guess the other thing that we, to talk about that we've been doing
is, uh, creating this, uh, much more user-friendly synthetic
version of, of TAWA, which will, uh, gives you the direction
of-
(coughs)
... (clears throat) the direction of an impact and sort of the scale, um, but
not as detailed as TAWA. And that, the aim is for that to be, uh,
you know, can be shared with anyone, and it has a user interface.
Um, it's still in development. We've recently passed a milestone
where we're sharing it around Treasury, but it's kind of in the, the testing phase
of, of that, so yeah.
And I, I, I should ask then if, um, g- um, now that you've raised it, is, is it
TAWA Lite-
TAWA Lite, yeah. That
is- ... that you've improved upon the, uh, min- materials?
Yep.
Oh, okay. And c- could you just give us a, a, a sort of a high level sort
of comparator of what TAWA Lite is v- versus compared to TAWA?
So...
Uh, I, I mean, like, the, the very important thing to remember is that the
data is not real data underneath it. It's synthetic data.
So we have, we can't take real data out of the IDI.
That's private data. There's a lot of protections of it.
Um, so actually, Luke did a lot of work to-
(clears throat)
... uh, come up with a method for making synthetic data.
So that is still at very detailed household level, but it's not a
real household. It just, uh, on aggr- you know, when we aggregate it up, it
looks like the New Zealand population.
So if we were talking about those small groups again, we're less likely to,
uh, w- we would have less confidence that those are covered properly in that, that
model. So that, that's the key limitation, is that it's, it's synthetic
data. It's not real data. Um,
the model itself, the current version is quite, uh,
simplified just to see, uh, what, what the user experience (laughs) is, whether
people can use it. So it can, uh, it can, you know, change some
parameters with a, a user interface. You don't need to write code.
And then it gives you an output which is, uh, who's gaining and losing by
their income level, the poverty impact, income poverty
incap- impact, uh, inequality, and some, uh, fiscal costs
obviously, 'cause we're a treasury.
Um, uh, but yeah, that's the current format of it.
But we, we could make it more complex, but it, it depends on
the more complex you make it, the less easier it is for someone who's not a modeler
or an expert to use. So there's a bit of a trade-off there.
Tha- that synthetic data, is it, is that effectively mirroring real data, but-
Yeah.
... so ensuring there's a step away from it so that it, it-
... it completely anonymizes and ensures that anonymity in that?
Yeah. Yeah, and it's, um, there is, um, quite a few organizations who use
the IDI who are starting to think about that, of how can we,
um, leave the IDA- I as it is but get more information
out into, into the general public in a safe way.
Um, but it's, it's quite, um,
forward-thinking work rather than currently being used, I would say.
Interesting. Uh, geez. Uh, Marie Minow?
Thank you.
Any question? (laughs)
Um, Meagan, uh, (speaks Maori) . Um, (clears throat) I read this, and
I put quite a lot of highlights not because I completely comprehend it all, but
because I could see how interesting it is.
Um, I, and I, but I'm trying to link...
So listening to your conversation, and I wrote words like, um, so we talked about
child poverty and, um, oh, what all, uh,
just describing the tool and its use.
In the world I come from, data in itself is
a, is a, requires a level of trust to be able to
provide-
Mm.
... you know? And, um, and that's not present particularly with Maori data or
Maori information. And so, there's always a, there's a
trust thing that's, that's not present, and that's, um, being asked for
and probably not necessarily given in the most open way, um, for obvious
reasons. Um, you will know that the National iwi Chairs, they
have a data set.
Mm-hmm.
And so, there's Maori data sitting in various places.
I'm not sure how it gets integrated, if at all, into the system that you're
talking about. But there's a, a whole bunch of Maori information there,
(clears throat) which would be valuable at some point, I guess, and
whether there's still enough relationship, trust, and, um-
... crossover to, uh, to have it be of
benefit, particularly two children in poverty equals
too many Māori children.
Mm-hmm.
So that's the, that's the stream that, um, I wanted to open up with you
and, um,
uh, I don't know, I, I guess I just wanted some general
h- Māori data, Māori sovereign over their data,
around data, um, how does it figure into your
system, um, and how can that
help?
I mean, uh, we love data for sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can tell.
(laughs) More data we can get the better. (laughs)
And that's good, used for good is the thing.
Yeah, I would say that, um... Well, uh,
the, the data that we use itself, it's all through the IDI.
Mm-hmm.
So any, uh, protections and, um, thinking that Stats
do, at Stats New Zealand do on data sovereignty will also be
incorporated into that. So, so from that side, um,
the sovereignty of that data is, is managed in Stats New Zealand 'cause we rely on
them. Um, they, uh, but then with the
analysis that we do, um, I would say we're early in this
journey, but it is something that we have been thinking about and progressing,
especially over the last, uh, year.
Uh, someone in my... Well, we, my team has been working very closely with
a, one of our, uh, principal Māori policy advisors in
Treasury, and thinking about the high up Arawaora framework-
Mm-hmm.
... and how we can incorporate some of that thinking of Te Ao Māori
into the work that we do and the analysis that we do.
So it, it is straightforward with Tauasa to do a,
um, an ethnicity breakdown of-
Mm-hmm.
... this many Māori we'll gain-
Right.
... this many Māori we'll lose.
But, uh, that's quite a limited , right?
That's just a, that's just another table of numbers.
We wanna incorporate more, um, thick- get more
advice on how to be, uh-
Mm-hmm. ... bring in the wider context of, um, Māori
children's lived experience. Um,
it's in development, I would say.
I don't have a, an answer of-
No. ... of where we are yet, but it is, it is a direction we're going.
Thank you. Thank you.
I want to ask a supplementary on that actually 'cause it's a really interesting
point that Marie may have raised, um, in, in, you know, the,
the, um, data sovereignty piece, trust.
And, um, I'm wondering whether the work that y- you're doing,
um, uh, e- and particular around that, um, mirrored data
effectively. Now, the synthetic data where there's an opportunity there for the
every leaders forum, you know, where they have data, but they're not sure about
sharing it. But if there's an opportunity to actually create a synthetic version of
that, that anonymizes that, but then means that, you know, can actually assist with
some modelings and the work that you're doing to, to assist these communities
who, who, I think, you know, I think everyone wants to get that assistance.
Yeah, I mean, I, I mean that-
Yeah, but, but there is that sort of trust base that-
Yeah.
... needs to be solved.
I mean that, that's a sounds like a, a great area to look down, I, I
think. And that, that is the whole idea of this sort of synthetic data, is that we
can, um,
expand the use of the data without, um, impacting-
Right.
... the sovereignty of the data or the, the people who, who own the data.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Thanks.
Uh, Maureen?
Uh-
Thank you. I'm just, um, just e- every time you answer a question,
it raises more-
Yeah. (laughs)
... you know. The potential obvious, is obvious, you know, for it.
But one of the things that, you know, we look at with the, um, with
Taua and how it feeds into the child poverty stats is
all, um, because it's data-driven,
um, we, can we not get to a point
where, um, we actually can measure the outcomes of that?
C- we can measure income levels, but, uh, that actually the
outcome from that investment, if you like, is still
unknown in the real, in real time. So can, can you
see a point or is there a way to get to that as a
destination?
Um, maybe I should just ask you a few clarifying (laughs) questions.
So, uh, do, do you mean, uh, so we
can model the, um, increase in a, the income that a child has,
can we then track that through to a longer term outcome?
Yes. Yes, exactly.
Yeah, so I, I guess that's when you, well, that's when you'd start leaning more on
the, the IDI. Um, and that's why it's quite useful that Taua is in the
IDI, right?
Yeah. 'Cause it's using the same data and it's all linked, um.
So, so yes, that's possible. I, I think that that's m-
more, uh,
leaning into some of MSD and SIA's-
Yes, of course, yeah.
... uh, work programs, but we, we work, you know, very closely-
... across the systems, yeah. Um,
Treasury, uh, our system agency and central,
um, central agency. So we kind of have to look at the big picture a lot.
Mm-hmm.
Um, but we help to support this, the other agencies when they need to go into the
details. Um, but it's, it's definitely possible, but I think
what you'd need to think about is, uh, what, what is the outcome you wanna track
and do we have the-
Mm-hmm.
... admin data or the survey data in the IDI to track that?
Yeah.
(laughs)
Just 'cause, um, be- because at the moment, I think that you, you, we can
make, you know, tax and welfare policy-
Mm-hmm.
... changes. But the outcome is an assumption-
Yeah.
... because of that.
Yeah. It doesn't have real data to back it up.
Yeah.
And I think to Marie Mino's point too, that information, some of it's probably
out there, but we just don't know what it is.
Mm-hmm.
I think the other thing there is some of those outcomes might take quite a few
years to realize.
Yes, yes.
So you do need to have sort of a sustained investment in understanding how that has
tracked over time as well.
Good pitch. (laughs)
Yeah. (laughs)
(laughs)
And, and I might, I might, uh, make a question as a supplementary on, on that,
on that one.
(laughs) Um, 'cause one of, one of the, uh, submissions we heard, I think it might have been
MSD, um, they mentioned, what was it, one of the agencies anyway,
they, they mentioned that they would like to have more access to Taua
modeling, um, but there were some constraints on it.
So I'm just, just wondering if you could just give us a bit of an over- overview of
what the constraints are?
Um-I think it was MSD, so...
(laughs)
Um, they, um,
they... I think the constraints are really resource constraints.
It, it's not a constraint, a technical constraint that, you know, people...
We will give access to whoever we think needs it.
Um, it's just like I said, it does take a while to become an
expert in using the model, and using it incorrectly is going to give you
misleading results.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Um, I, I think that's, that's the constraint from Treasury's
perspective because TAWA does cover this really wide range of government
priorities. We can never answer all of the questions that come to
one team. Um, we have to... We have to
prioritize them, and we work closely with our policy colleagues who then work with
other agencies and ministers to work out what- what's the highest priority thing
for us to work on. Um, and, and then, um...
And that's why we've been trying to make TAWA more accessible so that it's not just
on one team, so that's another teams. Uh, we've...
It's been successful with, um, HUD and the Retirement
Commission.
They're starting to do their own modeling. It requires some sup-...
It's not just access, it's support from us on how to learn how to use it,
but, uh, we're happy to do that, and we have.
But, uh, in general, it's a resourcing constraint, and, um,
it is a, you know, a particular sort of academic skill set that you're coming
with as well. You, you need to be comfortable using data and, and code
and, and modeling, but there are plenty of people there
(laughs) who'll help.
And, and sort of, um, what, what's the likely trajectory for someone
who could become skilled in this? Like, what, what skill... What...
How many years of training will they
need to have as a base, and then how much more training will they need to
become a, a proficient user of this?
Uh, I, I mean, someone coming i- in as a graduate, they would
usually have up to a, a master's level in some
quantitative discipline that involves a lot of coding.
Uh, so there's a wide range of academic disciplines that will cover
that, um, that's if they come in at a graduate level.
Someone like that would probably take about six months to come
up to be able to confidently use TAWA for some of the
more basic things. Um, and then, uh, a real
expert user... I mean, I've, I've been...
Before managing, I was working this model, and I was, uh...
I have worked on this for nine years.
I think Luke has worked here for five or seven.
Um, so that's the length of time if you want deep expertise, but
obviously, you've got
bits in between there, yeah.
Could, could you give us just a sort of...
A, a high level synopsis of some of the real value you see in
this tool going forwards?
Um...
Um, do-
(laughs) (laughs) Beyond what you've already... Um, just sort of what are some...
What are some surprising things that, say, the, the, the, um,
committee or the average person or even a chief executive would not be aware
is possible using this tool?
Um,
uh, so maybe I'll think about some of the more recent work we've been doing, which
is on that really long term,
um, fiscal challenge of an aging population.
So, we've been doing a lot of work with TAWA to say...
Um, you know, you look at these big macroeconomic models, and they'll tell you the
high level picture of what's happening to average people, but that's not
really enough information if you, um, you, you want to get into
policy development. So, a tool like TAWA lets you get into the real detailed
information of who, who New Zealanders are, how they
have different trajectories into,
um, into retirement and how the tax
and transfer system, retirement incomes policy, even sort
of we can start to incorporate savings policy into that, how that all,
uh, needs to work together to, to sort of help all
New Zealanders and not just an average New Zealander.
So, so TAWA is the tool that allows you to think through those questions
rather than just at a really high fiscal level.
Um...
Uh, there's... Yeah, I, I guess I kind of... (laughs) I don't know where to start.
There's so much.
(laughs) And I think one of the... One of the more...
One of the recent things that we've been doing also, I think this is with TAWA, is
kind of looking at effective marginal tax rates-
Right.
... and those sorts of things around incentives to work and just really interesting
things that were in a Policy Quarterly article that looks at the relatively high,
um, labor force participation of older workers in New Zealand as well and what
might be driving that. Um, so I think there's some really interesting analysis that
can happen in that space as well too.
I think part of this is that, uh, you...
We, we need our modelers working with our policy teams, which they do really
actively to understand what are some of the policy questions that TAWA can help you
address as well too, and that is why, you know, part of the change process
that we've been going through in Treasury is we have brought our analytics,
insights and modeling team into a central team in Treasury so that we can have
that, that wider integration as, as well too.
And I think the other exciting development is just if we can improve the
accessibility of this through synthetic data and those sorts of things as
well too. That is, that is something we're, we're very keen to be able to
do.
Awesome. Well, thank you very much.
I think I would love to ask you more questions, and it's fascinating.
(laughs)
I love data, and data, data is, um...
It determines so many things, and it, it made good data.
So, look, thanks for the work you're doing.
Thanks for briefing the committee this afternoon. Appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thanks.